So, this is just a small recap video that will get us ready for what's coming.
Recall that if we have our data in the form of these points over
here and the linear model like this one, for example,
with equation 2x1 + 7x2 - 4 = 0,
this will give rise to a probability function that looks like this.
Where the points on the blue or positive region have more chance of being
blue and the points in the red or negative region have more chance of being red.
And this will give rise to this perception where we label
the edges by the weights and the node by the bias.
So, what the perception does,
it takes to point (x1, x2),
plots it in the graph and then it returns a probability that the point is blue.
In this case, it returns a 0.9
and this mimics the neurons in the brain because they receive nervous impulses,
do something inside and return a nervous impulse.